it's ma blue sorry now we're just gonna
go in like that it's like that I'm gonna
go on are you fuckin dead you cocky
bastard flashy flash for q you're gonna
get it with your alt timo save you
almost dead my god Ivan terrace like he
owns the damn place in some way well be
fuckin know that I fail flashes
constantly holy shit comes the pencil
dude it's your night and let me roll
just carry games like oh gallia didn't
you let me have it too I'm going on you
took my mid
let them die fucking walk away from the
situation I expected bronze please um
bronze are you getting cocky now you
will fucking pussy pentakill where's the
Penta Penta Penta kill is walk into the
back like no opee chee chee though i'll
be one take care oh I recall you want a
little fight Oh
you